Remove duplicate definition for the term sidechain (#1381)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/consensus-network/federated-sidechains.md

## Terminology

_Sidechain_: An XRP Ledger sidechain is another blockchain based on XRP Ledger technology. A _federated_ sidechain provides a way to transfer assets from a mainchain to the sidechain and back. A sidechain can use an exact copy of the XRP Ledger's protocol or it can make changes, including to the [consensus algorithm](consensus.html), [transaction types](transaction-types.html), and other rules. Sidechains have separate history, rules, and validators than the mainchain. Proxy assets are issued in the sidechain, with the equivalent assets held by a door account on the mainchain. Proxy assets on the sidechain can be sent back to the mainchain and unlocked from the control of the federators.
 

> _Federator_: A server on the sidechain that listens for triggering transactions on both the main chain and the side chain. Each federator has a signing key associated with it that is used to sign transactions. A transaction must be signed by a quorum of federators before it can be submitted. Federators are responsible for creating and signing valid response transactions, collecting signatures from other federators, and submitting transactions to the main chain and side chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Federator_: A server on the sidechain that listens for triggering transactions on both the mainchain and the sidechain. Each federator has a signing key associated with it that is used to sign transactions. A transaction must be signed by a quorum of federators before it can be submitted. Federators are responsible for creating and signing valid response transactions, collecting signatures from other federators, and submitting transactions to the mainchain and sidechain.
```

> _Mainchain_: The blockchain where assets originate and where assets are held while being used on the side chain. For most sidechains, the mainchain is the XRP Ledger Mainnet, Testnet, or Devnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Mainchain_: The blockchain where assets originate and where assets are held while being used on the sidechain. For most sidechains, the mainchain is the XRP Ledger Mainnet, Testnet, or Devnet.
```
